Name:
    Tower to Heaven

Description:
    In this game, you start out as a cute cat in a forest. One day, you
    encounter a tower and open the door. As you ascend the tower, you will fight
    ghosts and avoid spinning blades. You have the mytical abiity to shoot
    bullets. When you reach the top of the tower, you'll be in heaven!

Similar projects:
    Luigi's Mansion: This game is centered around a mansion where Luigi has
    certain tools  he uses to get through the game until he eventually finds
    Mario. There are enemies in the game, and I want to incorporate those
    weapons and enemies into my game as well. I like how there are several rooms
    on each floor, and I would like to implement that. But I don't want to make
    3D graphics, as that will make it more complicated than I would like to,
    and the end goal is different.

    Tower of Heaven: I just recently saw this game, and I think my game will
    probably take the most inspiration from its design and development. This
    game is centered around a tower. The player enters the tower, and God
    creates a book of laws the player has to follow. I will implement something
    similar to that as well. I want to include colors, have a more flashy
    design, and code different levels that aren't hard-coded.

    2D Mario: The game can be similar to this as there are enemies in a game
    and the map is 2D like the game I plan to make. However, my enemies will be
    smarter and there will be different puzzles too. I probably will make each
    floor progress from left to right like how Mario does it for each level.

Structural plan:
    I will have classes for the bullets, buttons, obstacles, player, enemies,
    andthe tower. The complex algorithms for each level will be placed into each
    respective class for ease of use and organization. Assets will be stored in
    a separate folder from the code to keep everything clean. I plan to have 3
    floors which will be separated from each other through if conditionals.

Algorithmic plan:
    There will be function that randomly generate the location where the enemy
    spawns, with each floor having a set difficulty. The obstacles will also
    have randomly generated spacing. Since I want the view of the player to be a
    continuous scroll, the map will move accordingly in the other direction.
    The background will also be changed to show how high the player has gotten
    in relation to Earth.

Timeline plan:
    I plan to implement the player by the end of Wednesday, most of the tower
    without enemies by Friday, the tower portion by Saturday and the most
    complex algorithms by the end of Sunday. Then, I will add in the enemies
    and refine the project. 

Version control:
    I have already made a private GitHub repository and will make it public
    after I'm finished creating my term project. I have GitHub Desktop installed
    and will use it to periodically back up my code.

Module list:
    None

TP1 Update:
    None

TP2 Update:
    None

TP3 Update:
    Changed description, structural plan, 